Welcome back to the good watch everyone. My name is Josh and right now the Federal Reserve just officially cut interest rates as expected which helped to push the price of Bitcoin a little further to the upside in the immediate short term. But we're still struggling in this exact area of resistance. This massive area of resistance that we need to pay attention to while Ethereum is flashing yet another warning signal in the immediate short term that we also need to pay attention to. while altcoins like chain link are continuing these retests and bounce from these crucial levels of support. So, I'll be talking about all of that and more later in the video. So, definitely watch to the end. First of all, just before taking a look at the Bitcoin crypto charts today, in case you missed it, the Federal Reserve just cut interest rates by 25 basis points a matter of hours ago. So, that's reducing interest rates by 0.25%. And of course, that was the expected outcome. And that's what I've already been talking about over the last few days. That was what was mostly being priced into the market anyway. And so obviously if you watched my last few videos over the last few days here on this channel, you'll know that we've been predicting this outcome here. And of course, if we got that 25 basis point rate cut, the expectation for the effect on the market was relatively neutral. Is what I talked about in my last couple of videos. I predicted relatively neutral price action. maybe a little bit of short-term volatility, but nothing too significant considering the fact that this outcome was mostly being priced into the market already. And so obviously that has played out in the short term for the price of Bitcoin in crypto as predicted. A little bit of volatility in the immediate short term, but for the most part relatively neutral. So with that being said, getting into the Bitcoin charts today on the weekly time frame, the super chain indicator still sitting in the red. Not much has changed on this chart over the last 1 day. If we're taking a look at this weekly Bitcoin price chart, still have a massive bearish divergence to watch out for, which is a larger or longer term bearish signal. Obviously, it has already been playing out for the last 2 months or so, lacking bullish momentum on the larger time frames. But remember, this is not a short-term signal. It is possible to see short-term bullish reliefs and bounces here and there while we're seeing a lot of weakness on the much larger time frames over multiple months. And if we're taking a look at this 3-day Bitcoin price chart, a short to midterm signal, a signal that could play out over maybe a few weeks or for example, which has already been playing out over the last couple of weeks, is of course this oversold signal in the 3-day Bitcoin RSI. And the last couple of times, this signal confirmed in this indicator on this time frame. We either saw a sideways consolidation or a bit more of a bullish relief over just a few weeks or so. And so once again, at least for now, that is also technically playing out in the somewhat shorter term here and could potentially continue to play out in the coming days or maybe the next one or two weeks. And if we're taking a look at this daily Bitcoin price chart, of course, in the immediate short term, we still have this massive obstacle, which at least so far in the short term has been preventing the price of Bitcoin from going any higher in this short-term bullish relief right here. And of course, the obstacle I'm talking about is this major area of resistance still sitting in between 92,000 to 94,000. And obviously, if you've been watching my videos over the last few weeks, you know that I've been talking about that exact area of resistance, warning about that area since before we saw even the first rejection from that exact area as predicted. And so, obviously, I continue to expect that to be acting as resistance, at least for now in the short term. And as for support, I would expect a lot of support at roughly 85,000 give or take if the price were to actually get back down there. But once again, the immediate resistance, the immediate obstacle still in between 92 to 94,000. And if we actually confirm a breakout eventually above 94,000, so at least a daily candle close above that level and actually holding above that level. In that situation, the next major target or major point of resistance will be sitting at close to 100,000 based on this previous 50% retracement level, previous significant support flipping into new resistance at close to 100,000, more specifically in between 99 to 100,000 as an area of resistance. If we first of course confirm the breakout above 94,000, which is the top side of this area of resistance in between 92 to 94,000. But as I've also discussed over the last few days, each time we've come back up to test this area of resistance, so far for the most part, each time here we have gone a little further into the area of resistance and the latest test gotten very close to a possible breakout. In fact, briefly seeing a candle wick above 94,000, but not yet confirming a breakout. So, at least so far, each time we are pushing further and further into the area of resistance while at least for now, as of recording the video, still forming higher lows, which is technically bullish price structure. And we're actually forming somewhat of an ascending triangle pattern with relatively horizontal resistance, relatively horizontal highs, and of course, higher lows. And statistically speaking, an ascending triangle pattern, this price structure that we're seeing right now, statistically is bullish. Roughly twothirds of the time an ascending triangle pattern breaks out towards the upside and about a third of the time it breaks to the downside. So of course it can break to the downside. Sometimes that can happen. That's just simply the less likely scenario statistically speaking. And so, at least for now, it is actually quite likely considering the oversold signal still actively playing out in the 3-day time frame. It is quite likely now that the Fed meeting is behind us that maybe in the next few days, maybe within the next week or so. Obviously, it's hard to say precisely the exact hour it will happen, but it's likely that sometime in the next few days or week, we could attempt a breakout here above this resistance as a likely scenario. As always, no guarantees. And of course, if we first confirm the breakout above 94,000, the immediate price target will be this area of resistance in between 99 to 100,000. But the technical price target for this ascending triangle pattern right here. If of course we first confirm the breakout above 94,000, that technical price target will be sitting at around 107,000. So from the point of the breakout to that price target, we're talking potentially around a 14% move towards the upside approximately and that's with no leverage. So for example, a 10x leverage long position be around a 140% profit in that example, not financial advice. And so obviously that's potentially a major trading opportunity waiting to happen here. Once again, not yet in play, not yet confirmed. I want to make that clear. We first need to confirm the breakout above 94,000. But now that the Fed meeting is behind us and it was relatively neutral, very slightly bullish but relatively neutral for markets because we really got the expected outcome and considering the fact that at least for now the short-term price structure is technically more bullish than bearish. Once again, this is all telling us that at least in the short term for the next few days or the next week, it is quite likely more likely than not that we'll see an attempt of a breakout here. And another reason that could also help the price of Bitcoin with a potential breakout is of course the fact that we still have liquidity building above the price of Bitcoin in the Bitcoin liquidation heat map. We still have a decent amount building at roughly 94.7K to 94.8K. So keep that in mind as well. That can also help to pull the price further towards the upside. And in case you're wondering, this ascending line of support for this ascending triangle pattern is currently sitting at approximately 88,000 give or take. So keep that in mind as well. Expect some support at around 88,000. And of course, if you haven't done so already, this is definitely the time to get set up, ready to go on a crypto exchange to take advantage of this next major trading opportunity if you want to. not financial advice, but if you use the first link below this video in the description and in the pinned comment, that first link will take you to this page right here over on the Pinex Crypto Exchange where you can take advantage of some massive bonuses that are only available using that link. For example, if you make an account using that link, complete KYC, you get a 50 USDT bonus onto your account, free money from the exchange. On top of that, if you make deposits, you could also get free money from the exchange. If you deposit as little as $100, you get a $100 deposit bonus. If you deposit 10,000, you get a $1,000 bonus onto your Pinex account. And you can use this money that the exchange gives you in order to actually open a trade if you want to. You can use this money to trade on the exchange without even risking your own money. You can use the exchanges money. Then, of course, if you profit from that trade, you can withdraw any profits. If you lose that money, you're not even losing your money. You're losing the exchanges money. And so obviously if you're going to be trading crypto anyway or preparing to take the next trading opportunity, you might as well get set up ready to go using that first link below the video to take advantage of these major bonuses here. But if you want a complete no KYC exchange to take trades, long positions, short positions, etc. An exchange that I also use myself. Then for that, check out the second link below this video in the description and in the pins comment. That second link will take you to this page right here over on the 2bit crypto exchange where you can also take advantage of some exclusive deposit bonuses that are only available using that link. And on top of that, you can also have a trade protection and recovery fund that's also available using that link. So, for example, if you're making your account for the first time during this event right here, then for your first 7 days of futures trading, you can get up to 200 USDT in trial funds as a loss protection. So, basically, if you're losing money on your trades, in your first 7 days of making your account using the link below the video, then you can potentially get some of those lost funds back. And on top of that, if your account gets total liquidations over 50 USDT during this event that's running right now, then you may be eligible for recovery compensation up to a,000 USDT depending on your liquidation amount. So basically, you can be protected from losses and also take advantage of exclusive bonuses that are only available using that link below the video to Tubbit, the second link below the video. And remember, Tubbit is also a no KYC exchange. But with that being said, taking a quick look at the Bitcoin dominance chart on the daily time frame. And right now, the Bitcoin dominance is still looking very neutral. We're not looking overly bullish or overly bearish. We're kind of just bouncing around relatively sideways, which means overall, a lot of the major altcoins on average, of course, there can always be outliers, but a lot of the major altcoins on average will likely be performing very similar to whatever Bitcoin is doing. So, there's not much else to add here for the Bitcoin dominance. Not a lot has changed over the last one day. So without wasting your time getting straight into the price of Ethereum on the daily time frame and of course just over the last 1 day we've now actually exceeded my exact price target at around 3.4K. We've now headed a little higher but we still have a lot of resistance to watch out for in between 3.6K to 3.7K. And as for support, if we were to see any sort of pullback or set back here in the short term, expect some support at around 3250 and a lot of support in between 3,000 to 3.1K if the price were to actually get back to those levels. But of course, in the immediate short term, we now have a new warning signal to pay attention to, which is of course a new overbought signal in the 4hour Ethereum RSI. So obviously just the other day in my last video I talked about this overbought signal that only just confirmed about a day ago and since then obviously we played out a bit of choppy sideways price action. So a slight little cool off up until the Fed meeting which is what I predicted in my last video. I said between then in my last video up until the Fed meeting, expect a bit of a cool off. And then of course, if we see the rate cut, that could cause maybe a slight bullish move, which is exactly what played out as predicted. But that slight bullish move has now brought the RSI back into overbought. We've confirmed another overbought signal, which means I'm now predicting another short-term cool off, which means either just a slight little pullback or maybe a sideways consolidation. basically losing a bit of that bullish momentum. Not necessarily having a massive crash all the way back down, but just sort of cooling off a little bit in the short term is quite likely just for the next maybe one or two days, maybe a few days, but that sort of time frame here in the short term, expect a little bit of a cool off like this is what I am now predicting. And on top of the overbought signal in the RSI, we also have a little bit of a bearish divergence also starting to potentially confirm here with a higher high already confirmed in place in the price in the candle closes and a lower high potentially soon about to confirm in this 4hour Ethereum RSI which basically tells us the same sort of thing as an overbought signal telling us we're likely just going to cool off maybe for another one or two days here in the shorter term. And if we're taking a look at the price of Salana on the 2-day time frame, obviously just over the last one day or so, we've now seen another retest of my exact area of resistance in between 143 to 147 and seen a perfect rejection, another exact struggle from within my area of resistance. So obviously continue to expect a lot of resistance in this same area that I've been talking about for weeks in between 143 to 147 and continue to expect a lot of support in between around 124 to 128. And so obviously this means the price of Salana is still just chopping around sideways within a sideways price range at least in the shorter term. That is still the situation right now in between supports and resistance. Technically the larger or longerterm price structure is technically still currently bearish. But the shorterterm situation talking about maybe a period of weeks at least for now is looking relatively neutral. Just bouncing around sideways between support and resistance in this sideways price range. So honestly not a lot has changed over the last one day for Salana. This is what I continue to predict moving forward and so far has been playing out exactly as predicted for weeks now. So honestly there's not a lot else to say here for Salana. So without wasting your time getting straight into the price of XRP on the weekly time frame and right now technically speaking this massive bearish divergence is still active on the much larger time frames which is also something that I warned about at almost alltime highs. You can even check my videos back then but at least for now this has not changed over the last one day. And if we're taking a look at the daily XRP price chart, we do have a smaller bullish divergence or shorterterm bullish divergence which just over the last couple of weeks in the shorter term has been playing out in the form of mostly choppy sideways price action. And so obviously just in the shorter term this has helped to cause a little bit of just a break from the larger bearish trend but not necessarily confirming the end of the larger bearish trend. It is possible to play out short-term bullish reliefs, little bounces here and there or sideways consolidations during the larger or longerterm multimonth bearish trend which is helping to be caused by this much larger or longer term bearish divergence on the weekly time frame. And so as always understand the difference between the different time frames. The longerterm situation still not looking too good here on the weekly time frame, but the shorterterm situation, at least for now, still playing out a bit of a choppy sideways price range. As we can see, just in the shorter term here, and especially if Bitcoin, for example, continues forming this sort of price action, sort of bouncing around sideways, squeezing up against this resistance, we'll likely see something somewhat similar for XRP and a lot of major old coins just in the short term here. And as for support and resistance to watch out for, continue to expect a lot of support in between $2 to $25. And if we break below that, expect some support at around $1.94 and also some support at around $182. And expect a lot of resistance at close to $220. And if we're taking a quick look at the price of chain link on the daily time frame, at least for now in the shorter term, the price of chain link is still within this sideways price range between this support and this resistance. Of course, this support is based on first of all a previous Fibonacci level of support which then was resistance and is now once again support and that's sitting really in between 1340 to $1350. So still expect support around there. And as for resistance, expect a lot of resistance at close to pretty much exactly $15. And especially in between 1520 to 1570, expect a lot of resistance around there on the price chart. But that really starts at close to $15. And technically speaking, this shorterterm bullish divergence on the daily chain link price chart is still at least for now active on the price chart. We've not yet confirmed an invalidation signal to properly invalidate this shorterterm bullish divergence, which means overall expect either a sideways consolidation or maybe a little bit more of a bullish relief in the shorter term in the coming days, maybe the next one week, that sort of time frame, which means it's possible that soon we could see another retest of some of these levels of resistance. But remember, continue to expect the price to struggle around those points of resistance in the short term if ultimately we do see another test of those points right there. But as I said earlier in the video, a lot of these major altcoins will likely play out similar price action. Not the exact same price action, but similar price action to whatever Bitcoin is doing. Which means definitely pay attention to Bitcoin right here, especially now that we're still testing this area of resistance in between 92 to 94,000. Because obviously if Bitcoin actually confirms the breakout above 94,000 and heads up towards these higher price targets, that can really help a lot of these major altcoins with possible breakouts as well. So definitely keep an eye on what Bitcoin is doing to figure out what could be likely for a lot of these major altcoins. And remember, if you want to get set up, ready to go to take potential trading opportunities here, get set up, ready to go using those links below this video to those exchanges, if you want to claim the massive bonuses that are only available using those links. And if you want to actually know how you can trade crypto no matter what the price is doing, then make sure to watch these videos popping up right here on your screen. The video in the top left shows you how you can profit from bullish or bearish price action using long positions or shorts positions. And the video in the bottom left shows you how you can easily profit from choppy sideways price action. But anyway, that is everything that I have to say for today.