Hello, hello, and welcome to another update video on Bitcoin. So, yeah, we see another pullback. Not really much of a surprise here because uh first of all, you have to expect volatility obviously on Fed day and then again, you know, the 38.2 retracement, it continues to be a strong resistance level. So, also here, not a surprise that we get a rejection. Also remember what we said the move to the upside from the 21st of November low is likely only a corrective move up nothing impulsive. Okay. So the idea is that it is naturally difficult for the market to move higher and because we already reached resistance we basically can form a local top at any point and break down towards 70K. Hold on 70k in a fifth wave. That's still the main thesis, right? that this move to the upside is a fourth wave. So everything I say needs to be uh seen in this light obviously. So I do not expect an upside breakout from here yet. um even though it's possible but price action today again tells me that there's nothing wrong with my analysis and I just can there's nothing that I need to do to you know nothing needs to change here right um now obviously okay it could be something more bullish we talked about all that right it can always turn into a larger diagonal pattern or something like the yellow scenario but um until we actually get five waves up this is this is simply speculative now what do we see here you know what's going on. Well, earlier today in the last video update, I think you know we talked about it. This here was a fivewave move down, right? A fivewave move down. So, with a fivewave move down, guys, it is always probable that we come down again or at least, you know, um we have to be more skeptical about an upside breakout. Um market tried but could not break above this swing high here from the 9th and so is now just coming down. And we talked about this potential already. And the idea was if upper support breaks which was support here for 1 2 3 4 5. So an internal fourth wave which again the pullback suggests that this is five down. So not really high quality uh setup for higher prices. Um with a fivewave move down and a three-wave move up. you know, we basically broke below upper support and we're now coming down into that previous support that was already tested on the 5th of December on the 7th of December and we're likely going to test it once more. Well, right now um maybe in a few hours we're going to approach we are already approaching that support area. It's between $85,988 and $88,912. Now, I currently simply view this all as an extension still of the wave 4. So, this could be an Awave down, Bwave up, C-wave down. The Cwave should be five waves. 1 2 3 4 5. And I would expect the 88,144 level to be reached. That is the 100% Fibonacci extension. That's an ideal target for this C-wave to the downside. Um and uh yeah, you know, this C-wave should form complete the third wave, then form a lower high and a lower low. And I mean, maybe we go a little lower than 88,144, but as long as we're holding 85,988, the 78.6 retracement. I'm going to watch for one more extension in the C-wave. It can still happen. It can still happen. Okay, it could have happened today, but obviously with that fivewave decline, it was already an early indication that we won't make it. Um, still obviously we're on a very small time frame, so market the market can always do it. Um, but it's about being aware of the micro structures. That's why we do the work every single day, right? That's why we do the work. So um to understand what is within you know pro reasonable probabilities and um that gives you a support area. Now I have to say if we break below 85,988 then it will be the first actual indication that um that that Roman wave four already topped even though it looks a bit incomplete to the upside but it's absolutely possible. Yeah, we could we could make that work. But I got to say, many charts show the possibility of um just another test of support like Bitcoin is doing it right now in a so-called flat correction before then going higher. That's the update on Bitcoin. Hope you like the update. If you did, please hit the like button, leave a comment, and subscribe. And if you're interested in additional updates, then I recommend that you check out our X channel as well for additional charts, updates, news, and much more. I put the link in the comment section for you. Here's some exclusive updates, video updates, and much more. Thanks so much. Bye-bye.